Hi welcome back.
Now that we connected to our database is time to create records to create put data in say using Ph.D..
This lecture here is going to be really exciting.
So let's go ahead and OBRA co-editor right.
And we are going to be doing a Save As from luggin which is inside the folder called my ask.
Well let's do a Save us here because I want you to keep that data for you and that's yours.
Go ahead and do underscore create and if you don't remember.
Hold on let me just cancel this if you don't remember this where we are and I know you might take a
break or two and then come back and not know where you are.
So let me just make sure that you know where you are.
We were here in the last video here and we made a connection here connected.
All right so we made a connection with our database and we echo something I was just saying you know
we are connected right here.
OK.
So now we are going somewhere else.
Let's go and do a Save As and let's call this logging on the score create.
All right so we switch to that page.
Make sure that you go to your form and change that action review to reflect the new page form on the
score create.
Right because want to send that data there.
All right so what do we need here.
What do we need to start making queries to our database.
Well very simple.
We're not going to end up going here to overdo it let's just make this a little more condensed right.
All right.
Perfect.
All right so the first thing that I want to do is I want to be using a function to send all these data
to my is who Elbel right now.
I'm going to put things on variables so I'm going to write my query in as tets here as a tets value
for this query variable.
This is where I'm going to write my query.
I'm going to save it in this variable and I'm going to use this variable to submit it.
Right.
Because I think this is a better way of doing it right.
So choose me insert into this is the command This is the su command that you can type in your SU El-Khodary
and your ma as well a new APHC my admin and it will create a sense in that that we will be creating
OK so that you can even type this in the command prompt for us u l and he will do it.
So anyway it's inserted into what users is our table and then we're going to put parentheses here and
we're going to say what do we want to put in there.
Well we have a page here username and password.
So it feels that we want to be in the database as a matter of fact that's those other fields.
Those are the columns that we got in the database.
We have a colorful user name and a column for password.
Of course we have one for ID but that's being incremental automatically We don't need to worry about
that.
So we have to call them c and we need to fill them up with some data.
All right.
So let's go ahead and take it from here.
It's a user.
Just copy and paste their comma and grab it again here.
All right.
Perfect.
So that we are done with this as a matter of fact.
Now we've got to go to the next line because we could put it together here.
The next line that actually is on one line but I'm going to divide this since I like to see all my code
divided right.
And I'm going to use a dot notation to put all this together.
So I'm going to put the same variable here and this might look weird to you but I'm going to make it
very clear and we'll put a dot in that equal sign.
And what is this is going to do is that it is going to concatenate
this text that I'm going to be putting down here with this line here.
So it's going to smash it together.
OK.
So right here like this is just create values or Capital.
You don't have to but this is just best practice right.
Make sure you do.
And why do I want to put as values.
So we going to insert data into that user name column and the password column.
Right.
What do we want.
What are data.
What is the user name right so let's use a variable.
Why not use a variable we can use use we can use the user name we can use that.
But why why are we going to use something that we can use any tetch we want here.
We can set it into but we want we want to be able to set it to what the user types in this field.
Right there.
Well it was there when we finished writing this you will see it and the password would be the next value
for this.
And let's just make sure we put quotes around it since they are strings for the values we need quotes
for this we don't because these are columns.
All right.
Well for this.
These are strings and they are coming from here we need to let him know that they are strings.
Right.
All right so we are done here with this.
And the next thing we do is we use a command a prevailed function call my rescue.
Well.
And they have my rescue.
This is the old version.
Right.
So make sure they have this on here my as well.
But this is the old version I don't use.
I use a new version.
Always you want to use the newest version.
And here we take two parameters.
The first one is the connection.
So we're going to take this variable since this very was equal to that connection.
And the next one is the Querrey where we send in there and I take this very well this is why I like
doing this.
If if I were to use this without this what I have to do is copy this whole thing in there and put it
in here or that tets and I don't want to do that.
I want to save everything on the little variable here and just put it in.
Here's a lot cleaner right.
All right.
So once we do that we need to I mean we can send it the way it is.
But I want to check on this connection here so I'm going to create a variable called resoled sign in
that connection.
Now this will work the way it is.
But with this very well here allows me to do this to check on the query to see what happened to it if
it went through if it did not go through.
So I'm going to put if not true then I want you to die.
Meaning that one all commands everything to stop.
And I want you to display this Querrey failed.
So until I really ugly right.
All right.
So I think we're done here.
If we have a mistake somewhere in your cold BHP will let us know.
We can also concatenate here this and say my ask you well let me see my ass.
Q Well I error.
I believe it is there.
There we go.
And this would give us an arrow here.
All right.
But I think we are good to go.
Let's use and this is a pre-build function too that will give us an arrow here.
Just in case you are interested in finding out finding out.
All right.
So let's go ahead and check this out let's see if it works.
So I'm going to create a user name called it's man and the password would be submit all it looks like
we did something because that's a good sign we didn't get any errors.
And he said we are connected.
So.
All right so let's see let's see what happened right let's let's have some fun let's look at it.
All right so let's go to look A-holes ph be my admin and look at the logging app users and 2 2 2 2 2
2 2 2 2.
Yes.
There we go if you able to do with me congratulations.
If not don't worry about it just rewind this and get it done do it 100 times if you have to.
This is your subring porn right.
So with this you can create a logon page basically and have people log in to your app and you will keep
their information.
Of course you have to extend it and put some more security on of course maybe encrypt the password and
detect the user and the side with a cookie or session.
But anyways you get a major idea here.
Hopefully you are able to to get some valuable information I'm pretty sure you got some valid information.
But anyways on the next video we're going to continue with the crowd and we are going to be reading
this information from the database now that we created.
All right.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in next lecture.
Take care